Zhou always suspected that there was a sentence pretending to be Miss Friendship
Doubt is not
Just in case
Disappeared for 15 years
Now suddenly appear
I have to be 100% sure of his identity
To be at ease
Ok Mr. Zhou
I'll do it right away
Hahaha got rich, got rich haha
What 5 million, Mom?
Our best days are ahead
Be well, be well, my baby girl.
Transformed into the eldest lady of the Su family
But Jiang Cheng, I, Wang Shuying
Are you going to walk sideways, hahaha?
What's wrong with cousin?
Mr. Zhou has not fully remembered your identity
He just took some of your hair when you weren't paying attention
Let me take a paternity test
What? I'm going to the hospital.
You also come to the hospital immediately
Find a way to get Li Huyi's hair
Only Mr. Zhou
See the results of the paternity test with your own eyes
We can rest easy
Ok wait a minute
In a minute.
What are you doing in there?
I have an emergency to attend in advance
Ah you are so sick
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Don't be afraid, mom is fine
Will not die for a while
Don't listen to those doctors scare people
We'll be discharged tomorrow.
Don't waste that money
No way.
I'll figure it out about the money
You must listen to me this time
I will be responsible for taking good care of my body in the hospital tomorrow.
You child
Grandpa, you have grown up now.
Have you ever thought about trying to find your biological parents?
Maybe they are looking for you all over the world